#resign
An online form to assist in the creation of a resignation letter to the Corporation of the LDS Church.

[Request for it to be made](http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/1c1op1/we_need_an_html_form_where_you_fill_in_personal/)

[Template being used](http://www.reddit.com/r/exmormon/comments/26wkyb/my_harsh_resignation_letter_worked/)

###Raw Template

Pursuant to US Supreme Court case Guinn v. Church of Christ of Collinsville, OK (1989), and pursuant to the out-of-court settlement resulting from the lawsuit of Norman Hancock (Mesa, AZ, 1985) against the Church, this letter is my resignation from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (herein referred to as “the Church”) together with resignation from all the Church’s affiliated corporations and organizations, and any and all so-called genealogical and family history records kept by the Church. It shall be effective immediately upon receipt. The terms “excommunicated,” “disfellowshipped,” or “name removed,” or any other term or annotation, shall not be used in conjunction with or next to my name in anyway in any records of the Church, its corporations, or its affiliates anywhere; my name shall be removed from all of your records without annotation or note of any kind and without any waiting periods whatsoever, either as prescribed in your General Handbook of Instructions or as presumed to be necessary by any of you.

This name removal shall be handled with full confidentiality and shall not be made known to any members of my family, friends, acquaintances, or any local members or local leaders in any of the Church congregations, except for you specifically, **[BISHOP-NAME]**, and you specifically, **[STAKE-PRESIDENT-NAME]**, and the Church headquarters member records personnel only. It shall not be made known to any counselors within any of your bishoprics or presidencies, or any other individuals within the Church leadership, neither Stake or Ward Priesthood Executive Committees, or Ward Councils or any other groups or individuals. Without the confidentiality just described, defamation of character as either libel or slander will be presumed, and I shall take legal action against both of you personally and against the Church collectively as a corporation.

Failure to comply with the mandates herein described shall be considered actionable under the precedents stated above and under the laws of the United States and the State of **[STATE]**, including, but not limited to, defamation of character, harassment, and violation of First Amendment rights. This mandated name removal shall include all genealogical and family history records where my name is currently linked to church records of any kind, including birth, baptismal, priesthood ordinations, and ordinances within the Church. With the same vehemence the Church has preached record-keeping and genealogical research for eternity’s sake, you shall, without any delay, undertake this name removal process or face legal prosecution. Confirmation of my mandated name removal from all Church records and all Church-affiliated corporations’ or businesses’ records shall be given to me by standard US Postal Service to the address noted below.